okay yeah I want to go back to the
concept of boogie woogie and if you like
rock and roll piano improvisation
because the common question which comes
up is what notes do I play I'm sitting
down at the piano and oh my goodness my
mind is gone like and what knows do I
play well of course it's a paradoxical
question it's a philosophical of musical
conundrum simply because if I tell you
what notes to play it is no longer
improvisation the whole point of
improvisation is that you kind of make
it up on the spot but here's a really
nice little simple riff which is so
basic that you can use it in booty with
your rock and roll piano and if you come
round for the bass spooky bumbles you've
got the piano it's on page 46 of the
badass boogie bundle it's part of the
lesson I can't mean what listen it is
and if you look there I've just got
loads of repeating notes okay so I'm
going to actually play that and you can
do this as a kind of rock and roll
improvisation or else a boogie woogie
improvisation and all it is perhaps you
want to come over to the right hand
mouth a Murphy shot same with the left
hand you can simply do this
just stays the same
hey and if you want to vary it you could
go
Thanks
all you can do it bougie
very very simple riff it's not even our
if it's just basically we play up an
octave and make sure you get David
coming cameraperson just to the right
hand very quickly make sure you get that
important grace note can you see that
I'm playing it with the one finger see
I'm going from the F sharp to the GL and
playing with one finger that really
makes the sound you can't just go that
sounds a bit boring but if you're acting
that grace though that little extra
imitates the the guitar and again by
playing it in different rhythms you can
make it a kind of boogie-woogie
improvisation or you can make it a
rock'n'roll improvisation so as always
give me your questions and comments make
sure you connect with me on Google+ make
sure if you haven't downloaded that a
spooky bundle you go to www.google.com
and print it out and make sure you were
studying the lessons with the music in
front of you and it's the way really to
study the lessons on this channel I look
forward to talking to you soon
and I will speak to you talk to you soon
that makes sense that doesn't do you
want you want to finish camera person
okay this is dr. K and I'll talk to you
soon